Overview

Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus.
Most people infected with the COVID-19 virus will experience mild to moderate respiratory illness and recover without requiring special treatment.  Older people, and those with underlying medical problems like cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, and cancer are more likely to develop serious illness.
The best way to prevent and slow down transmission is be well informed about the COVID-19 virus, the disease it causes and how it spreads. Protect yourself and others from infection by washing your hands or using an alcohol based rub frequently and not touching your face. 
The COVID-19 virus spreads primarily through droplets of saliva or discharge from the nose when an infected person coughs or sneezes, so it’s important that you also practice respiratory etiquette (for example, by coughing into a flexed elbow).
At this time, there are no specific vaccines or treatments for COVID-19. However, there are many ongoing clinical trials evaluating potential treatments. WHO will continue to provide updated information as soon as clinical findings become available.

Covid-19 Symptoms
COVID-19 affects different people in different ways. Most infected people will develop mild to moderate illness and recover without hospitalization.

Most common symptoms:
->fever.
->dry cough.
->tiredness.

Less common symptoms:
->aches and pains.
->sore throat.
->diarrhoea.
->conjunctivitis.
->headache.
->loss of taste or smell.
->a rash on skin, or discolouration of fingers or toes.

Serious symptoms:
->difficulty breathing or shortness of breath.
->chest pain or pressure.
->loss of speech or movement.

Seek immediate medical attention if you have serious symptoms. 
Always call before visiting your doctor or health facility. 
People with mild symptoms who are otherwise healthy should manage their symptoms at home. 
On average it takes 5–6 days from when someone is infected with the virus for symptoms to show, however it can take up to 14 days. 

Covid-19 Prevention

To prevent infection and to slow transmission of COVID-19, do the following:
Wash your hands regularly with soap and water, or clean them with alcohol-based hand rub.
Maintain at least 1 metre distance between you and people coughing or sneezing.
Avoid touching your face.
Cover your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing.
Stay home if you feel unwell.
Refrain from smoking and other activities that weaken the lungs.
Practice physical distancing by avoiding unnecessary travel and staying away from large groups of people.

Covid-19 Myth Buster

Shoes can spread the COVID-19 virus but the likelihood of spread is very low.
The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is caused by a virus. NOT by bacteria.
The prolonged use of medical masks when properly worn, DOES NOT cause CO2 intoxication nor oxygen deficiency.
Most people who get COVID-19 recover from it.
Drinking alcohol does not protect you against COVID-19 and can be dangerous.
Thermal scanners CANNOT detect COVID-19.
There are currently no drugs licensed for the treatment or prevention of COVID-19.
Adding pepper to your soup or other meals DOES NOT prevent or cure COVID-19.
COVID-19 IS NOT transmitted through houseflies.
Spraying and introducing bleach or another disinfectant into your body WILL NOT protect you against COVID-19 and can be dangerous.
Drinking methanol, ethanol or bleach DOES NOT prevent or cure COVID-19 and can be extremely dangerous.
5G mobile networks DO NOT spread COVID-19.
Exposing yourself to the sun or to temperatures higher than 25C degrees DOES NOT prevent the coronavirus disease (COVID-19).
You can recover from the coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Catching the new coronavirus DOES NOT mean you will have it for life.
Being able to hold your breath for 10 seconds or more without coughing or feeling discomfort DOES NOT mean you are free from the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) or any other lung disease.
COVID-19 virus can be transmitted in areas with hot and humid climates.
Cold weather and snow CANNOT kill the new coronavirus.
Taking a hot bath does not prevent the new coronavirus disease.
The new coronavirus CANNOT be transmitted through mosquito bites.
Hand dryers are not effective in killing the new coronavirus.
Ultra-violet (UV) lamps should not be used to disinfect hands or other areas of your skin.
Vaccines against pneumonia do not protect you against the new coronavirus.